OSDOCS-11329: 4.16.3 RN (#78863)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

* Previously, nodes that were booted using 4.1 and 4.2 bootimages for {product-title} got stuck during provisioning because the `machine-config-daemon-firstboot.service` had incompatible machine-config-daemon binary code. With this release, the binary has been updated and the issue has been resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36330[*OCPBUGS-36330*])

* Previously, there was no access to the source registry when the `diskToMirror` action was performed on a fully disconnected environment. When using `oc-mirror v2` in `MirrorToDisk`, the catalog image and contents are stored under a subfolder under `working-dir` that corresponds to the digest of the image. Then, while using `DiskToMirror`, oc-mirror attempts to call the source registry to resolve the catalog image tag to a digest in order to find the corresponding subfolder on disk. With this release, `oc-mirror` interrogates the local cache during the `diskToMirror` process in order to determine this digest. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36386[*OCPBUGS-36386*])

> * Previously, if a new deployment was performed at the OSTree level on a host that was identical to the current deployment but on a different stateroot, the OSTree saw them as equal. This behavior incorrectly prevented the bootloader from updating when `set-default` was invoked, as OSTree did not recognize the two stateroots as a differentiation factor for deployments. With this release, OSTree's logic has been modified to consider the stateroots and allows OSTree to properly set the default deployment to a new deployment with different stateroots. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36386[*OCPBUGS-36386*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, if a new deployment was performed at the OSTree level on a host that was identical to the current deployment but on a different stateroot, the OSTree saw them as equal. This behavior incorrectly prevented the boot loader from updating when `set-default` was invoked, as OSTree did not recognize the two stateroots as a differentiation factor for deployments. With this release, OSTree's logic has been modified to consider the stateroots and allows OSTree to properly set the default deployment to a new deployment with different stateroots. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36386[*OCPBUGS-36386*])
```

* Previously, nodes that were booted using 4.1 and 4.2 boot images for {product-title} got stuck during provisioning because the `machine-config-daemon-firstboot.service` had incompatible machine-config-daemon binary code. With this release, the binary has been updated and the issue has been resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36330[*OCPBUGS-36330*])

* Previously, there was no access to the source registry when the `diskToMirror` action was performed on a fully disconnected environment. When using `oc-mirror v2` in `MirrorToDisk`, the catalog image and contents are stored under a subfolder under `working-dir` that corresponds to the digest of the image. Then, while using `DiskToMirror`, oc-mirror attempts to call the source registry to resolve the catalog image tag to a digest to find the corresponding subfolder on disk. With this release, `oc-mirror` interrogates the local cache during the `diskToMirror` process to determine this digest. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36386[*OCPBUGS-36386*])

> * Previously, if a new deployment was performed at the OSTree level on a host that was identical to the current deployment but on a different stateroot, the OSTree saw them as equal. This behavior incorrectly prevented the boot loader from updating when `set-default` was invoked, as OSTree did not recognize the two stateroots as a differentiation factor for deployments. With this release, OSTree's logic has been modified to consider the stateroots and allows OSTree to properly set the default deployment to a new deployment with different stateroots. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36386[*OCPBUGS-36386*])

Reviewer 2: This is the wrong link for this bug.
